Menu

Login

Gyan Ganga Public School
Bhadasi, Arwal, Bihar (India) - 804401

A Co-educational pre-k through 8th grade school approved by Govt. of Bihar ( Reg. No. - 15AR/PVT/2017 )

Welcome to Gyan Ganga Public School !

          We are one of the finest private, co-educational school in Arwal Bihar for children in grades Preschool through Eight.
            At "Gyan Ganga Public School" we are offering a distinctive, progressive approach to learning and supportive community that engages students who love learning in the classroom and with the world around them and families that value education.
             Our community is supportive of our endeavors to give our children the very best education, which we do through our values of excellence, partnership and perseverance. There is something very special about Gyan Ganga Public School, Here students learn to respect the world around them and care for their community and for each other.  Read More…

Director's Desk:

D. D. Singh
Director, GGPS

We believe, shaping young, impressionable minds is one of the life's biggest challenges also education is a...

Read More

What Makes Us Special ?

          At "Gyan Ganga Public School", We encourage and provide opportunities to our students to volunteer on campus, in the greater community, and around the world.
          The Gyan Ganga Public School is a place that celebrates the Individualism of the child in a nurturing community with a well-rounded program. 
          Our school is a community. In fact, it is a family. From pre-school through the 8th grade our students are challenged and supported by a caring group of educators, friends, and parents.
We aim to empower our students to "Grow as Individuals" to "Get out of themselves" with strong open discerning minds with a global perspective, preparing them to make a mark in the global village - the world has come to be today.
           Our graduates are confident, academically prepared, socially adept, and flourish at a wide range of high schools, where they continue to live out the School’s motto of “Explore, Engage, and Connect.”

Our Academic Programs

Elementary School
3-5 Years Old

Know More

Middle School
Grade 1-4

Know More

Upper School
Grade 5-8

Know More

Numbers That We Are Proud Of !

15+
Years of Excellence

500+
Students Enrolled

3000+
Parents Who Trust Us

5000+
Graduated Students

35+
Teaching Associates

15+
Non - Teaching Associates

Reach Us Out!

Location
Bhadasi, Arwal, Bihar - 804401 (India)

Phone
(+91) 9771-852570, 8804-542071, 7979-702867

E-mail
gyangangaschool07@gmail.com

Quick Links

Gallary
Admission
Alumni
Careers
Fee Payment
Circulars
Feedbacks
Helpdesk

Get In Touch!

2022 GGPS, All Rights Reserved.